I'm scared. There's so much to tell you but let's start from the most recent stuff that happened.
It is 5:25 AM right now. It's 20th of January. In the night, at about 10 PM or so, I called Aman. I had told him about me the night before I went to Sultanpur. He had said he'd call during the day because everyone was sleeping at his place. But I went to Sultanpur in the day and I only came back yesterday. I really wanted to talk to him and tell him everything. I don't know why but I really wanted to. I wanted to ask how he felt. I wanted to ask him to ask me any questions that he wants. I just don't want to leave any loose ends. I don't want anyone to slowly drift away from me just because of my secret. I actually don't know if that's something that will happen or not but I can't leave things on fate. I had to talk to him.
I came home at 5:30 PM. Freshened up. Aman had said that I could call him after 8 PM. I couldn't call him at that time because mom wanted me to help her make pharas. I helped her instead of calling Aman. I messaged him that I'd talk to him at 10 PM. He said he'd pick up the call if not everyone would've fallen asleep by then. I got finished with mom's work at around 9:45 PM and I called Aman. I didn't know how much time it would take talking to him. I didn't know so much of what was yet to come.
I should've told mom not to wait for me and eat up and go to sleep. But maybe I thought that mom wouldn't let me talk to Aman if I told her. Or maybe I thought that talking to Aman wouldn't take too long. But either way, I didn't say anything to her. I chose the old Mom and Dad's room to talk. It was the only place where I wouldn't feel cold and it was far enough away from Mom and Dad in the kitchen and it was also closed so if I talked softly, chachi won't be able to hear. The only issue was that dad shouldn't listen to me. To make sure he wasn't in the next room, I put only one earphone in and left the other one dangling so that whenever dad ascends the stairs, I would know. Little did I know that these earphones would be the thing that kills me.
I talked to Aman for a really long time. After some time (I don't remember when), dad came and asked that I come down and have dinner. I told him to eat up and sleep and not worry about me. And then I kept on talking. After a certain time, I realised that the lights in the adjacent room were on. It was about 12 AM then. I should've realised this sooner but I was so engrossed in telling Aman my story that I didn't think about that. As soon as I saw the lights on, I assumed dad was there. Now, I'm not sure if he was there or not or if the lights were on when I had checked the room before telling Aman the story. Maybe the lights were on earlier, maybe they weren't. Maybe the lights were on only now but dad wasn't there, but maybe he was. And if he was, I don't know how he got in and I didn't know. The front door was locked. Maybe he came in from the other door. But I should've heard him walk up the stairs, right? I didn't. But as soon as realised that the lights were on, I assumed he was there and I went upstairs. Another mistake.
The topmost floor is the least habitable in winters. And during nights, it's the quietest and one of the tallest places in all of my village. Anything I say there can be heard by every neighbour. But I thought I was being discreet. I thought if I talked real softly, no one would hear anything. But I didn't factor in the earphones. I didn't think that since one of the earphones was in, I wouldn't be able to properly gauge how loud I was speaking. And even if I was speaking real low, the topmost floor should not have been the place to talk about all this. Aman said later that I could've talked to him when I went back to Noida. I should've thought of that first. But no, everything had to happen this way. I talked and talked and talked so much about a lot of things. I don't properly what I talked about and where so it is hard for me to judge how much dad listened. If he was in the adjacent room for a long time then maybe he listened to all of the Mridul drama. But everything after that, I think I only talked about Pranjal and Shivangi. And about Suraj and how cute he was. Oh my god I talked so much about how cute he was. All this when I was on the topmost floor. I didn't know how loud I was speaking until dad called. He said it was midnight and I was speaking too loudly. I was immediately afraid. I said can you properly hear everything that I am saying right now, he said yes. I felt really scared. What if he had listened to everything? Worse, what if every one of my neighbours had heard everything? Shit, shit, shit. I removed the earphones and started talking to check if I was being really loud. I was. I just didn't realise it because it was so quiet around me and I had earphones on, only in one ear, but they were on noetheless. I wasn't very loud, at least not by my standards, but it was still very loud because there was pin-drop silence outside.
I came down to my room. I just wanted to keep talking to Aman so that I don't have to think about how much dad had heard. But as soon as I came down, mom came and scolded me that I wasn't eating and what time it was to talk to a friend. I told her to stop worrying about me and go to sleep. She did. I continued talking to Aman. I told him what I just told you earlier, that I think dad might have heard it all. And I don't even remember in how much detail did I say things. I distinctly remember saying that "mujhe ladke pasand hain". Whether that was something that he heard or not, I don't know. This not-knowing of how much he has heard is killing me. I hope he hasn't heard a lot. I hope no one around me has heard a lot. I hope. I really hope.
After mom scolded me, I didn't get off my ass and have dinner. For some reason, I didn't want to. I was too excited first and then too scared later to eat. I fell asleep talking after hanging up. I had talked to Aman for maybe more than 3 hours, I didn't count. I just slept. Didn't apply the oil. Didn't take the pills. It's the second day in a row and probably fourth time overall that I am missing applying the oil. And probably the third time missing pills too. I shouldn't have done this, I know that now. And what's even worse is that before I slept, dad asked me to switch on the charging of his scooty. I am so lazy that I didn't immediately do that. And then I fell asleep. I only switched the charging on when I woke up after 5 AM now. Papa needs the EV to drop me off today. I am going back to Noida via bus. It's at 7:30 PM from Devkali Bypass. The other scooty we have doesn't have proper documents and dad doesn't have a DL too. But I was too careless to realise all that before I slept. I shouldn't have skipped dinner. I am hungry now but I can't eat because everything would be cold now. I can't even make up for the lost time by taking the night pills because it's almost morning and I have to take morning pills now. What a mess I've made.
I just really hope that dad's scooty gets charged properly before we have to leave. I hope he hasn't heard too much. I hope no one around me has. I promise to never do this again. I promise to never miss my prescriptions. I promise to never again talk during late nights when I'm at home. I promise. Just please let it me okay this time around. I promise to be better from now on. Please god, please.
I'm thinking of sleeping once more. I am hungry but I can't eat anything now. I am also thinking of asking dad what he had heard when he goes to drop me off. That is, if he doesn't already say anything to me before that. If he asks me, I probably won't be able to lie. This is not how I wanted him and mom to know but if it has to be like this, I'll try to handle it the best I can. I had hoped to fall in love someday and then tell mom and dad. I don't know why but this felt like a better way. A better way for me. I had also hoped to do a for mom and dad and have some independence and financial stability in my life before I told mom and dad. No matter how much I try to not include money and all into this, it is like that. I don't want to be on the road. I know mom and dad probably won't expel me from the house but what if they do? I wanted to have done things for them and also become independent from them myself before they had to do something like expelling me. But oh well, all my plans never pan out. Maybe this one won't too. I am scared. I really am. But a part of me is okay with all of it and wants it all to happen. That way, I will truly be free. I'll have come out, properly. But then there's another part of me. It wants to stay hidden a bit more. Until I'm in a better position. I don't know who will win. My plans didn't work out in December last year when things came in like a strong wind and I tried to stand straight but couldn't. Those winds took me with them and after resisting for a while, I liked that they held me and I didn't have to stand straight anymore. Those winds took my fears away and left me freer than before. Maybe these new winds will do the same. Or maybe they won't be as nice as the last time. Maybe this time, they'll throw me off my feet and leave me all bloody. That's what I'm scared of. Either way, only time will tell what happens next. I'll see you then!