It's only 12 PM right now but I want to write today's entry right now. I will be travelling today to Noida so I won't get a chance to do this later. Though that journey is also not confirmed as there might be route diversions. There's no confirmation yet so I don't really know. I'm trying really hard not to think too much about it because if the bus is cancelled or diverted, I don't know if I'll be able to reach on time for the exams.
I feel like I should pack first. But then I won't be able to sit calmly (or as calm as I can be) and write this as the time to go approaches. Okay then, I'll write this first.
I feel stuck in life. I know I've said this a lot. I probably keep saying this all the time but it's not a lie. I really do feel like that. And apart from career, now I have one more thing to feel stuck (or rather behind) about - dating. I've never been in a relationship (no, whatever it was with Unnati, it wasn't a relationship) and I'm 22 now. In fact, I'll be 23 in the upcoming February. I used to not think too much about it at all. But after everything with Mridul, I went on Bumble and found 2-3 guys who I really got infatuated towards. One of them specifically has been on my mind for a long time. I can't seem to get his face off my mind. I have to try it with him. Maybe it will work, maybe it won't. But I have to at least give it a go. But I don't know how he feels about me. He seems very indifferent. But then again, I think too much. So maybe it's my overthinking. Arrggh! My head hurts now.
I'm afraid he won't like me. And there are three reasons for it - I have thinning hair, I am not tall, I have a belly. And because of these three things, I feel like he won't like me. Now there's one more thing - I earn too less. I mean I don't earn anything at all right now but when I do (from Feb), it won't be much. All of these things combined and the fact that he doesn't seem at all interested in me (he doesn't like my stories or even messages me by himself while I like almost all his stories and mostly reply to those stories too, to which he replies after 14-15 hours), make me feel like he doesn't like me and maybe I'm just trying too hard and he sees that and it's pathetic.
I don't know how to bring self-confidence in me. As far as I can remember, I have never been called "good looking" or any of it's synonyms even, ever. In fact, I would always get the opposite treatment. I was always called out for being very thin, and then acting like a girl, and then having weird hair (which I always parted from one side and made sure everything was neat and properly stuck to my head, no hair must be left behind). And these things were not only told to me by everyone else, but also by my family. Didis always made sure that I felt like an alien. Never tried to understand me or console me or give me advice or be nice. It was always that Satyam is a weirdo. They still do it - all the time. I've tried to (and also succeeded a bit) to not mid them too much. I mostly am able to not give what they say too much thought but sometimes, what they say really hurts. I keep looking for approval, for compliments, for validation, but it never comes.
Career-wise things are bleak. I have set very high standards and expectations for myself and I never seem to meet them. After I got into Newgen, things have been going downhill only. DSA, dev - everything is a mess. I have stopped applying anywhere. My GitHub has bene empty since months. Same for LeetCode and CodeChef. I have not even started Codeforces. I have no achievements to show. And I am not doing anything to improve that. Machine Learning is dead. My project and hopes of publishing it in a reputed journal like IEEE is dead. Is this my life now? I didn't imagine everything going downhill. But it is going downhill. And fast.
I always try to run away from whatever it is that I should do in the moment. I know the priorities, I just never follow them. Starting things seems daunting so I never start. And the closer the deadline comes, the more scared I feel to start. Until the day when I really have to, but by then it is already too late. Should I tell you the priorities now? Okay then, let's do this. Maybe this time I'll actually follow through.
The two major things in front of me are - exams and joining as an intern in Newgen. For exams, I have only two days. I must focus one of those days on VLSI and Renewable Energy Resources. I'll only get one day then to prepare for Micro and Smart Systems then. Okay maybe then what I could do is start with Micro and Smart Systems but mix it up with VLSI and Renewable so I don't feel left behind in either of those. Yeah, that sounds doable. I also have to meet Pranjal. That would take a lot of time though. Maybe I can ask him to come to Noida? Even then I would have to give 3 hours at least to him. Getting ready, traveling etc would take that much time. The other thing then is to get the completion certificates for the Java and SQL courses. I must just mark every video as completed and then get the certificates. I'll keep learning as I go but at least I'll have the certificates ready.
That sounds like a plan then. Reach Noida tomorrow. Take a bath. Get ready. Meet Pranjal. Come back. Complete Newgen courses and get the certificates ready. Order a black shirt and blue jeans. Then finally focus on the exams. It's only a matter of 10 days. We'll get through it. We can still do it. Yeah. I believe in you.
After you join Newgen, we'll plan gym and CP and dev and all that for you. All right? Okay then. See ya!