It's been a long time since I wrote to you. I wanted to, but my exams were going on and Mridul was pretty much always here. I recorded some videos so I had an outlet but I missed you.
Spoke to Ayush today. I don't know what exactly were we talking about but I moved the conversation towards basically me not feeling anything really for him. Of course, I didn't say that to him. I told him that I liked talking to him. And I mean, I kinda do. But it's not like something that I really look forward to or anything. He said that he looks forward to talking to me in the night. All fucking day he thinks about doing that. He think about me. Shit!
I don't like him like that. I don't feel the physical attraction. And I am scared that he won't like the fact that I have balding hair and I am short. He has said that himself. His expectations are so Bollywood type that I don't think anyone will ever fit the bill. But I can't say that to him. I told him that he shouldn't talk to me because I am not someone he deserves, he deserves someone better. He said how do I know what he deserves. Fuck my life. I don't want to hurt him. But I can't do this.
I laugh with him sometimes. Teasing him is fun. But then he wouldn't put down the phone. He wanted my address. I gave it to him. I think I made a mistake. He seems obsessive. It's like he wants to be a Bollywood heroine and he wants me to be a Bollywood hero who falls for the heroine and does everything for her, even when she is being annoying. I talked to him until 1 PM, I think. But he wouldn't put down the phone. I gave him so many random reasons like he should sleep and all but he wouldn't go. I finally said that I want to watch a movie (I really did). He said that means you don't want to talk to me. WTF! We had just discussed everything and he had said that we should keep talking and if something happens, we'll figure it out. I didn't want to do this but I also couldn't tell him to his face that he is sometimes annoying and I don't always enjoy his random conversations. I am not Ekansh. I can't be on the phone for hours and hours.
I should've been clearer to him. I am only making this worse, for him and for myself. But he said that the same thing happened to the last person he was talking to. That person said that he was childish. I mean, he is. But I can't tell him to his face. But he is also so sure of his personality that he keeps telling me that he gets angry quickly and he has nakhre and he wants someone to come and do "please baby khana kha lo" (I couldn't find the word). I don't want to do that, man.
I have a huge crush on Suraj. God! He is so fucking cute. How the fuck did you make someone this cute, God? I mean, why? How? And if you made him that cute, then ask him to talk to me a little. Ask him that I want to kiss him so bad that it sometimes physically hurts that I can't kiss him right there and then. And also, please fix my hair issues. I can't meet him like this. I don't want to get rejected because of my hair and my height but especially my hair. I won't survive that trauma. So please God, do this for me?
Siddharth is also cute. But Suraj! FUCK! What is happening to me!?
I think I should follow the reason I gave to Ayush. I need to get away and study only. That's the best thing. This whole Bumble and dating and guys thing is making me crazy. Mridul is going in a few days. It's time that you go back to your previous self. You need money first, boyfriend is secondary. Actually, you do need a boyfriend but come on! You need to be wayyyyyyy more confident and way more hotter and wayyyyyyy more fashionable to have that. And that will require you at least a few months. Until then, chillax.
Yep. That's the only way. I need to disappear. I have to.
Bye.
P.S. - I would've talked about all this with Udbhav, but he is watching a movie with everyone. And Mridul said he is going to his bhaiyaa's but I think he is meeting Shivangi. Why does he lie? Why the fuck does he have to do that everytime? Anyways, he will be gone in a few days. I can't wait. I want this to end. I desperately want this chapter to end.