I found this book when I went to Sultanpur in the winter of 2023-2024. It was Roli didi's and I found it while Dolly didi was looking for my Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets book. When I saw the book and read it's introduction, I vaguely remembered reading headlines about a boy who was a close aide of Mr. Tata. The premise of the book seemed interesting and it wasn't a very long book to read. There were illustrations and the book totaled 216 pages or something. Moreover, the printing was very spaced-out so I knew I would be able to read the book in a day (spoiler alert, I couldn't). Priority-wise, I should've been studying for upcoming end semester exams but it was the classic case of self-sabotage.
I know very little about Mr. Ratan Tata. In fact, if I'm being very honest, I practically know nothing about him. I know he's a very famous businessman but that is pretty much the limit of my knowledge of him. I don't even know that much about Tata "the company" too. Plus, I don't even remember too much about Shantanu too. I vaguely remember the headlines but nothing more than that. I guess what I really was interested in was how did someone like Ratan Tata became associated with someone like Shantanu. I guess that must be the primary motivation for everyone who read this book. Anyways, this context was necessary for me talk more about the book. I practically knew nothing about Ratan Tata or Shantanu Naidu before reading this book.
I Came Upon a Lighthouse is about how Shantanu came to be associated with Mr. Tata. The titular lighthouse is Mr. Tata and Shantanu sees him as a mentor, a friend, an inspiration, an ideal - a lighthouse. He starts the story with when he first met Mr. Tata and concludes it in the time of nationwide lockdown. He narrates various incidences and experiences of his life that were related to his growing friendship with Mr. Tata. And that is pretty much it. The book isn't a character study, or an autobiography, or even a detailed story for that matter. It's like a mixture of diary entries that Shantanu has edited to present it to the world. Or maybe even an extended interview about his relationship with Mr. Tata. Shantanu says that the motive of this book is to show the world a side of Mr. Tata that they don't know about. The world knows him as a respectable businessman. He wants to show the human behind that businessman.
Shantanu doesn't succeed in that though. All we ever get to see is how Mr. Tata was with him. How was he beyond that? We don't know. Maybe that is because Shantanu wasn't always with him so how could he know anything beyond how Mr. Tata was with him? And if he doesn't know that, how could he write about it? That's true. You can only write what you know. But maybe that is the problem with this book. This book is essentially a love letter to Mr. Tata. But I sort of knew that before reading the book, right? So what am I even complaining about?
There isn't much in this book to dissect. So in the end, I didn't find much value in this book. It was a light and breezy read about the (filtered) adventures of a young man. It was fun to read. There were even some excerpts that I really liked. But this book doesn't stand out. I wish he had written more about his struggles in Cornell. I wish this book was more personal. I wish Mr. Ratan Tata was actually a human rather than an angel in the book.
But you know what, that's okay. Shantanu doesn't promise anything more than what he delivers. I Came Upon a Lighthouse is by no means a bad book. It's just not something that really stands out.